"Be yourself; everyone else is already taken" - Oscar Wilde
"Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and I'm not sure about the universe." - Albert Einstein
"A room without books is like a body without a soul." - Marcus Tullius Cicero
"You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams." - Dr. Seuss
"If you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything." - Mark Twain
"Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do." - Unknown
"he person, be it gentleman or lady, who has not pleasure in a good novel, must be intolerably stupid." - Jane Austin
"There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle." - Albert Einstein
"We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars." - Oscar Wilde
"It is better to remain silent at the risk of being thought a fool, than to talk and remove all doubt of it." - Maurice Switzer
"Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect." - Mark Twain
"Life is what happens to us while we are making other plans." - Allen Saunders
"I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work." - Thomas A. Edison
"It is not a lack of love, but a lack of friendship that makes unhappy marriages." - Friedrich Nietzsche
"The man who does not read has no advantage over the man who cannot read." - Mark Twain
"I am enough of an artist to draw freely upon my imagination. Imagination is more important than knowledge. Knowledge is limited. Imagination encircles the world." - Albert Einstein
"That which does not kill us makes us stronger." - Friedrich Nietzsche
"If you judge people, you have no time to love them." - Mother Teresa
"If you can't explain it to a six year old, you don't understand it yourself." - Albert Einstein
"Everything you can imagine is real." - Pablo Picasso
"We must not allow other people’s limited perceptions to define us." - Virginia Satir
"Do what you can, with what you have, where you are." - Theodore Roosevelt
"If opportunity doesn’t knock, build a door." - Milton Berle
"Wise men speak because they have something to say; fools because they have to say something." - Plato
"Two roads diverged in a wood, and I—I took the one less traveled by, And that has made all the difference." - Robert Frost
"I’ve learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel." - Maya Angelou
"Either you run the day, or the day runs you." - Jim Rohn
"You must be the change you wish to see in the world." - Mahatma Gandhi
"Believe and act as if it were impossible to fail." - Charles Kettering
"The difference between ordinary and extraordinary is that little extra." - Jimmy Johnson
"The best way to predict the future is to invent it." - Alan Kay
"Everything has beauty, but not everyone can see." - Confucius
"Believe you can and you’re halfway there." - Theodore Roosevelt
"How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world." - Anne Frank
"Change your thoughts and you change your world." Norman Vincent
"Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions." - Dalai Lama
"Remember that happiness is a way of travel, not a destination." - Roy M. Goodman
"Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears." - Les Brown
"If you want to lift yourself up, lift up someone else." - Booker T. Washington
"You miss 100% of the shots you don’t take." - Wayne Gretzky
"It is never too late to be what you might have been." - George Eliot
"A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new." - Albert Einstein
"The person who says it cannot be done should not interrupt the person who is doing it." - Chinese Proverb
